Update kafka-ingestion.md to update PasswordProvider support limitation (#11374)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kafka-ingestion.md

`druid.dynamic.config.provider`=`{"type": "<registered_dynamic_config_provider_name>", ...}`
in consumerProperties map.

> Note: In 0.21.1 or older Druid versions, for SSL connections, the `keystore`, `truststore` and `key` passwords can also be provided as a [Password Provider](../../operations/password-provider.md). This is deprecated.

Reviewer: Since I'm not sure if/when `PasswordProvider` will be removed, its probably more future proof to reword this section something like:
```suggestion
Note: SSL connections may also be supplied using the deprecated [Password Provider](../../operations/password-provider.md) interface to define the `keystore`, `truststore`, and `key`. This functionality might be removed in a future release.
```

Author: Great! It's cogent.
